Sources: http://www.pantheon.org
http://www.greekmythology.com

POSEIDON (done)
——
You are Poseidon, God of the Sea. You probably love the beach or anything aquatic related. Always second best, you strive to be number 1 in all aspects of your life. You are prone to mood swings though, and while you’re usually calm and collected, you can become enraged and violent in an instant. 

Poseidon is the god of the sea and protector of everything aquatic. His parents are Cronus and Rhea, and he is one of six siblings who divided the power of the world. His brother Zeus got the sky, Hades got the underworld, he got the sea. He carried a trident and could make the earth shake or shatter any objects. He is said to have created the very first horse in order to impress the goddess Demeter. Men would then drown horses as a sacrifice in his honor, particularly to ensure sailors a safe voyage at sea. Second only in power to his brother Zeus, he had a very moody personality and tended to pick fights with other gods.


ARES (done)
——
You are Ares, God of War. Tough as nails, you are not afraid of anything. It is easy for you to make enemies due to your sheer wildness. You hate to be beat at anything, and can face humiliation in a test of physical strength if you don’t pump that iron enough. 

Ares is the god of war, associated with any kind of battle or violence. He is the son of Zeus and his wife Hera. Because of his cruel nature and absent moral compass, he was disliked by everyone. On the battlefield he was always accompanied by Deimos (terror) and Phobos (fear). A married Aphrodite became his lover, and they had eight children. He stood like a giant and was louder and faster than all the other gods.


DIONYSUS (done)
—— 
You are Dionysus, God of Wine. You love to let loose and spread joy in the form of alcohol, but this can be both good and bad, depending. A naturally artistic soul, you have a keen awareness of life and death. Most often found at the center of a raging party.

Dionysus is the god of wine and fertility, also a patron of the arts. The son of Zeus and Semele, he was the only god with a mortal parent. He represents the duality of life, reflected in the idea of wine, which can give pleasure but also cause pain. He was one of the most important gods in everyday life, and was not only worshipped but his presence felt within his followers. A festival devoted to him was held in the spring when vines started growing leaves and most Greek plays were written to be performed during this time. 

APHRODITE (done)
——
You are Aphrodite, Goddess of Love. You love to love and are often a victim of your own emotions. Armed with a natural self-confidence, you always have to look your best whatever the situation. People are naturally attracted to you, and you never need to look far to find an admirer. 

Aphrodite is the goddess of love, beauty, and desire. She was born when the father of the gods Uranus was castrated by his son Cronus, who threw his parts into the sea. They began to foam and out of it came Aphrodite. She married Hephaestuts, the god of metalwork, who made her a magical girdle. When she wore this girdle, no one could resist her. She took many lovers and was loved and adored by many.


DEMETER (done)
——
You are Demeter, Goddess of the Harvest. You prefer to live naturally and buy organic. People are attracted to your generosity and warm kindness. You love spending time outside and connecting with nature, but sometimes you prefer to stay inside and smoke a bowl.

Demeter is the goddess of grain and the harvest. She was the daughter of Cronus and Rhea, sister of Zeus, who she had her daughter Persephone with. It was believed that she made the crops grow each year and is strongly associated with all types of agriculture and planned society. When Persephone was abducted by Hades, Demeter was so sad that no crops grew. After some negotiations, Persephone became bound to the underworld as Hades wife for one third of the year, representing the barren wintertime. Only when Persephone is with her mother do crops grow. Because of this, the dying and blossoming of nature is connected to Demeter. 


ZEUS
——
You are Zeus, King of the Gods. A natural born leader, you tend to excel at everything you do. With a high moral and ethical code, you always make the right decision. All this power also grants you unlimited love affairs, which can cause a lot of jealousy.

Zeus is the king of the gods and the sky. After overthrowing his father Cronus, him and his brothers divided the world. He had a very strong sense of justice and law, and was the spiritual leader of the gods and mortals. He is also seen as a weather god, his weapon being a thunderbolt. He was married to Hera, who often became jealous of his many affairs. Zeus represents the laws of nature and regulated time like the changing seasons or day and night. He was a very paternal figure to mortals and watched over them tenderly.


